The Flower-Hair
Oh, you're awake.
Don't get up.
It's the flower-hair.
Who is that flower-hair?
It's not a feeling of going to see a flower.
It's like throwing away a dead cat.
Why do you say that?
When you go out, the spring breeze blows.
It's a good feeling.
I washed my shirt yesterday.
Don't talk about it.
What is it?
You don't buy flowers for 100 yen.
You're too stupid.
It's too big.
You should buy it before you get too deep.
Put on the hat.
Put on my hat.
Don't be a fool.
Drink it without holding back.
Give it to me.
What is it?
Drink it.
You're a lot.
How is it?
I'm not thirsty yet.
Is there anyone who drinks alcohol?
Look over there.
I'm drinking sweet tea.
I'm drinking tea.
Why do you say that?
Drink it.
I'm a gecko.
If you're a gecko, eat something.
Please eat.
What is it?
It's a white thing.
It's not a gecko.
It's a sweet potato.
You can say that later.
Do you like sweet potatoes?
It's disgusting.
You're disgusting.
You eat sweet potatoes every morning.
You drink 6 sweet potatoes every morning.
Sweet potatoes are more...
Hey, hey, hey.
Sweet potatoes have leaves.
You're saying weird things.
Do you want to eat something?
I'm thirsty.
You're thirsty?
No one is drinking.
I'm not.
Then drink this month's moon night.
Soon.
I'm drinking.
You're drunk.
Drink next month's moon night.
I'm drinking.
You're drinking.
I'm drinking, so please drink.
I'll drink as much as I want.
I'll drink a lot.
It's a good drink.
I thought it was a black one.
Is there a drink from the black one?
This is a little dirty.
It's about 150,000 yen.
How much is this one?
It's not a single dollar.
It's not.
I'm drunk.
I'm drunk because I'm drinking.
You can't refuse that.
If you don't refuse, you'll be mistaken for a drunk.
You're wrong.
I feel good.
What do you feel?
I feel like I drank last summer.
Do you feel that way?
There's something good about being close to your parents.
I know.
I'm drunk.